Rules:

> camelCasing for module name
> camelCasing for variable name
> function name separated by UNDERSCORE
> spaces used for indentation
> limit line length to 72 characters
> line break before binary operator
Surround top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines.

Method definitions inside a class are surrounded by a single blank line.

Imports should usually be on separate lines:

Imports should be grouped in the following order:

Standard library imports.
Related third party imports.
Local application/library specific imports.

Avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations:

Immediately inside parentheses, brackets or braces:
Between a trailing comma and a following close parenthesis:
Immediately before a comma, semicolon, or colon:
Immediately before the open parenthesis that starts the argument list of a function call:
Immediately before the open parenthesis that starts an indexing or slicing:
More than one space around an assignment (or other) operator to align it with another:

If operators with different priorities are used, consider adding whitespace around the operators with the lowest priority(ies

Comments:
Comments should be complete sentences. The first word should be capitalized, unless it is an identifier that begins with a lower case letter (never alter the case of identifiers!).

Use inline comments sparingly.

Write docstrings for all public modules, functions, classes, and methods. Docstrings are not necessary for non-public methods, but you should have a comment that describes what the method does. This comment should appear after the def line.

"""Return a foobang

Optional plotz says to frobnicate the bizbaz first.
"""

"""Return an ex-parrot."""

Modules should have short, all-lowercase names. underscores for readability

Class names should normally use the CapWords convention.(CamelCase)

Names of type variables introduced in PEP 484 should normally use CapWords preferring short names: T, AnyStr, Num. 

Function names should be lowercase, with words separated by underscores as necessary to improve readability.

Use the function naming rules: lowercase with words separated by underscores as necessary to improve readability.

Constants are usually defined on a module level and written in all capital letters with underscores separating words.

https://realpython.com/documenting-python-code/#docstrings-background
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/#code-lay-out